on the weekend of England's narrow
victory over Ireland in the Six Nations
the aviva premiership entered round 15
with the race for the top four hotting
up week by week there was some
incredible rugby on offer as well as a
couple of milestones to to the premise
ships most loyal servants my waiter and
Mike Tindall both trotting out for their
200th appearance is in the league it was
Tyndall's Gloucester kicked off the
weekend at Kings home against fourth
place Harlequins the Cherry and Whites
have been struggling for form this
season and were behind early on through
a brace of Ben Botica penalty kicks
Quinn's rockmart land above the field so
I only Callum a phony got the host on
the scoreboard after some positive
Gloucester build-up visitors had to cope
with the loss of my crown
they're to England GT but their
replacements made up for their absence
as Carl vixen made way to pull back
Ollie Lindsay hate to score queens were
looking good value for their lead but
then penned the Gloucester on snores
Murphy
triage fulfilled what proved to be an
unassailable need
tomorrow shows men Dave Ward muscling
his way over interested in these give
Quinn spans the consolation of a losing
bonus point mark Cueto's double hundred
of Premiership appearances was found in
the best possible way in his fifth
minute score stretching in further ahead
on top of the all-time high schools char
cipriani punish them further from the
kicking tee striking over from long
distance to take sale into double
figures
from the 20 minutes proved more positive
for this one what Mariano's the larger
sphere in the second of his too late
side of the great ones who are an equal
right man who isn't community afternoon
belonging to top four hopeful sale bath
welcome London Wasps to the wreck the
two sides slugging out an entertaining
match that saw seven tries in total it
had been 11 matches since they last home
league defeat but the West Country
output will without star man George Ford
called up on England duty his
replacement Tom Heathcote settled into
his new role almost immediately putting
over a first minute penalty for the host
their opening try soon followed Antony
Watson with the finish after a blowing
bath move what's and then added a second
try intercepting a promising water
attack and streaking the length of the
pitch to dot down was for quick to
respond and put together a great string
of passes to allow Nathan new space on
the flank to score but the host look
irresistible every time they went
forward and just a minute after
conceding it was the in-form nikka
Benden and who went over for bath
keeping them in command going into the
break
killarney hello scored early on after
the break to draw was closer but it was
the tribe bonus point time 45 and 53
minutes as Peter stringer and Ollie
Devoto combined to launch Carly sman the
former rugby league man put on the
afterburners embraced over the line
it would have been harsh and by Young's
teams traveled back down the m4
empty-handed and with Julie awarded a
losing bonus point where fullback Elliot
Daly went over ten minutes from time an
enthralling encounter the kuwaas skipper
Chris Bell it was not a performance to
remember ya know it's really gutted
really it was safety watching his a
neutral robust support I imagine it'd be
quite entertaining game we came down
here to play rugby and throw the ball
around and challenge Buster function so
I think we did but we are the first 20
minutes didn't help ourselves can really
clear up there the kickoffs effectively
enough and gave them points which were
hard to grow back Marvin yard return to
action after his injury lay-off with
London Irish hopeful of maintaining
their good run after recent wins at
Saracens and wasps nest open struggling
from four and started the majeski from
kickoff conceding a penalty that allowed
James O'Connor to put the Exiles three
Miller but the Tigers soon found a
foothold pressurizing Irish deep in
their own 22 with scrum-half Ben Youngs
wriggling over for the score it was
another Tiger set-piece that opened up
the Irish for the second score this time
the gobi moody polo getting his name on
the scoresheet after driving more by the
leicester pack
o'connor's penalties were keeping Irish
in the game but is faded to bring down
Nicki gone over allowed the pitching to
claim Lester's third tribe the afternoon
Ron Smith sent the yard on to try and
make inroads for Irish and the hosts
were given a glimmer of hope when
nesters Thomas Waldron was sent to the
bin for not rolling away but the exiles
only mustered a couple of second-half
penalties the last of the boot of Ian
Humphreys leaving them with a losing
bonus point for their efforts a game of
two halves at kingston parcel
Northampton take the initiative in the
opening moments the quick thinking of
con fateh ali he from a quick restart
called the Falcons defense apart it
James Wilson exploiting the space and
putting his side in front tom stephenson
had been enjoying life in the starting
15 of late and his fleet footed break
created the chance for a well-deserved
try Wilson added a second before the
break with Stephen Myler flighting the
conversions just right in the blustery
conditions the second pass or Falcons
begin to match their table-topping
opponents physically but for all their
endeavor it was only a Rory Clegg
penalty that troubled the scoreboard
that was until Noah Cato intercepted a
Northampton pass and sprinted in for a
much-needed try for the hosts with the
conversion from joel hodgson it was
enough for the Falcons to claim a point
Dean Richards will be hoping they can
maintain their competitive edge when
Tigers come to town in round 16 Saracens
took on the Chiefs at the allianz hoping
to get their home record back on track
after losing to irish at four tried to
go the visitors started the brighter and
after some solid build up play the ball
found its way to win Witten who went
over for the first tribe to match
sorry schools began to exert their
influence on the game and it was James
Johnson odd for the half hour mark we
puzzled over with Charlie Hodgson
leveling the stores and it stayed 7 all
of the break gala steenson did edge
Chiefs back into the lead temporarily
with his 45th minute penalty but it was
not long before the hosts were back in
command shout Brits drove home after
well-executed line out move and the host
never looked back Brits didn't have
things all his own way running into
Wayne Barnes who not the South African
hooker to the floor where the kicks from
Hodgson compounded the wind which keeps
our sins on the pace at the summit of
the Premiership table just a point of
Northampton Saints elsewhere victories
are bath and less to see them complete
the top full picture in round 15 with
Quinn's loss at Kings home dropping them
to fear sales win over bottom side
Worcester keeps them in the hunt for
four and gives them breathing space of
the type mid-table bunch Newcastle
single point against saints keeps them
adrift in 11th but with a 12-point
buffer ahead of the Warriors so for all
the latest Aviva Premiership news
subscribe to the official youtube
channel or log onto Premiership Rugby TV